(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! Arc‐V"...
(Yuya)
This is one of
the coolest duels
I've ever been part of.
I was worried
we'd lose the school,
but even though Declan
can summon
three different ways,
Yuya's Pendulum Summoning
is overpowering!
I, too, have
enjoyed our duel.
The experience has been
most educational,
especially when you
showed me what it's like to
be on the receiving end of
one of your
Pendulum monster's attacks.
Now I'll return the favor.
I'm going to set
the Pendulum Scale!
No way!
(all gasping)
Just like you, I can
also Pendulum Summon!
I thought I was the only one
who had Pendulum cards.
♪
Oh no!
(Declan)
I thought these prototypes
would be up to the task,
but it's clear now there's
still a lot of work to be done.
This better be important.
I'm afraid that we have an
emergency on our hands,
Mr. President.
Wait!
Where're you going?
We'll finish this
some other time.
So long, Declan.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me competition
for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you
ready to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go, go, go, go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my rules ♪
♪ I'm in that groove I know
I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
If the duel
hadn't been interrupted,
those guys might've won
control of the school.
Huh?
(Zuzu)
Yuya, hey!
(groaning)
(all gasping)
How did he
Pendulum Summon?
I just don't understand.
That's my thing.
Are you okay?
Our school is safe!
By forfeit, sure,
but I'll take it!
And what happens if they
come back to finish
what they started?
Well, uh,
that's easy Zuzu.
It'll be just like today,
we'll show 'em that
the You Show Duel School
does not mess around.
Considering Yuya was
the only one who won,
I'd say we do
mess around.
Like you
have room to talk.
You didn't even duel!
You big chicken!
The You Show Duel School
has no need for you.
Just making
an observation.
Uh...
Hang on, Sora, come back.
That wasn't a nice
thing to say, you guys.
But you
heard what he said.
He called us
losers!
Well, the next time the
Leo Institute barges in,
you can sign me up
for the battle.
Me too.
Me three!
So keep showing us
your Pendulum moves
and when they come back,
we'll be ready.
They aren't my moves,
don't you get it?!
♪
What's with
the attitude, Yuya?
I get that you're upset
right now, but...
here's the deal, pal.
This Pendulum Summoning
was never going to be
just your thing.
(Chief)
Mr. President!
You're back!
Can I get you some coffee,
tea, would you like a‐‐
I'm fine.
Just give me a situation
report on Marco.
Right, well...
the latest
incident occurred in
Paradise City's
NLD 38 District.
At precisely 5:54 p. m.,
our systems detected
a powerful summoning.
And the summoning
method?
It was Xyz.
Yuya doesn't have the ability
to Xyz Summon, does he?
He's already
ruled out.
We were with him
when this event happened.
It wasn't him.
But let's continue to monitor
the You Show Duel School.
And, Marco,
do we know where he is?
We...
haven't exactly
been able to, um...
to know...
But, um,
the evidence...
Right.
Found at
the scene of the event.
This stuff is
definitely Marco's,
but he was nowhere
to be seen.
I want every resource we've got
dedicated to finding out what
happened to Marco.
(Herc)
Understood!
♪
(Julia)
Something isn't right here.
If Professor Marco
is okay,
then how come they won't
they let us see him?
Maybe he doesn't
wanna see anyone
'cause he's all wrapped up
in bandages
and looking like
a mummy or something.
You have know idea what you're
talking about!
One thing's for sure,
there is something these
people aren't telling us.
Hey, where you goin'?
I'm gonna find out
what's going on here.
(Skip)
Look, I get it, Yuya.
You thought Pendulum Summoning
was your special deal
and now
someone else comes along
and Pendulum Summons and
it's throwing you off.
I dunno how Declan managed
to get some Pendulum Cards
in that deck of his.
I mean,
for all we know,
his company is developing
'em now.
(gasping)
His company?
(Skip)
Declan Akaba is the president of
the Leo Corporation.
As in, the world's number‐one
creator and distributor
of duel systems.
Maybe they've unlocked the
secret to making Pendulum Cards.
If that's the case, there's
gonna be Pendulum Cards played
in every corner
of the globe.
(gasping)
This is so unfair.
What are you
going to do about it?
Run away like always?
Not on my watch!
You and me
are dueling!
If you win, you can go
and feel sorry for yourself
all you want.
But if I win, then you gotta
stop feeling
sorry for yourself!
I promised your dad
I'd look after you.
And I'm not
letting him down!
He just wants to be
left alone.
Can't you see that?
Just give him
some time, Dad...
Might wanna
stay out of this one.
Why's that?
Your old man is not messing
around right now, Zuzu.
You can tell.
Check out that
look in his eyes.
Whatever...
Where you going?
(Skip)
Come on, let's get
this over with.
♪
Did you set
everything up like I said?
(Gong)
Yup!
Alright, Yuya,
it's go time!
Fire it up, Gong!
You got it.
Gong activates
the Action Field Spell...
Showtime Street!
♪
(woman)
Augmented reality
combat system energized.
Generating Action Field.
Oh, wow!
Awesome!
Look at the lights!
(Zuzu)
I get what my dad was doing...
You know what
this is, Yuya?
My dad's field.
That's right!
Showtime Street
was Yusho's favorite,
this is where his Dueltainment
style all started.
I can't think of
a more perfect place
for me to step up
and show you
what real
dueling is all about!
You think I don't know
what real dueling is?
Compared to your dad?
You don't know
anything.
You're all
cards and no spirit!
I'll show you,
you're wrong!
♪
Two duelists step into
the arena of battle.
But only one duelist
will exit victorious!
A clash of spirits!
A battle of wits!
(both)
Witness the dawn of the next
evolution in dueling!
Let's do this!
Time to duel!
(woman)
Action cards dispersed.
It's showtime, folks!
(laughing)
Our opening act is
Gutsmaster Fire!
And now Gutsmaster Fire's
special ability
activates!
Which lets
me double the trouble
and summon another
Gutsmaster!
Let's hear it for
Gutsmaster Heat!
And now Gutsmaster Heat's
ability activates!
Which means
I can triple the threat!
This should have
you seeing red,
Gutsmaster Red!
(laughing maniacally)
Gong is impressed by
Principle Boyle's
triple summon technique!
Now I place two cards
facedown and end my turn.
You're up, look alive!
All right, Teach.
Time for a lesson of‐‐
I activate
Full Throttle Soul!
Just like that!
This trap
forces both of us
to reveal the cards we're
holding in our hands!
Really?
He said they both have to
reveal their cards,
but only Yuya's
hand is showing.
Well, of course.
Principal Boyle's
hand is empty.
That's why he placed
both cards facedown.
Well, what do we got?
Stargazer,
very nice...
Timegazer...
Guess you're pushing for
a Pendulum Summon!
Or are you
over that now?
Since it doesn't make you
special anymore,
why bother, right?
If Declan
does it, too...
I guess there's nothing that
makes you special now.
Okay, it's going
a little too far!
Not cool.
I summon Performapal
Friendonkey!
(braying)
When this guy
comes to the stage,
I can also summon a Level
4‐or‐below
co‐star from my hand.
Enter
Performapal Whip Snake!
Interesting...
And by "interesting,"
I mean "really boring."
I'll show you boring.
Go, Friendonkey!
Attack Gutsmaster Red!
♪
Thanks to its
special ability,
Gutsmaster Fire is able
to jump in
and protect
a fellow Gutsmaster
from being destroyed
in battle.
Do it,
Gutsmaster Fire!
(beeping)
And now Gutsmaster Heat's
ability activates!
When another Gutsmaster
gets into a scrap,
Heat blitzes, brings
the pain into your end zone,
and knocks your monster
right off the field!
So much for
Performapal Friendonkey.
He barely had a chance.
Gong is starting to wonder what
the lesson is here.
An exercise in defeat?
Hope you're having
as much fun as I am!
I'll be having
a lot more fun after
Whip Snake attacks
Gutsmaster Red!
(growling)
Actually, Yuya...
I think it's time for
a little scuffle shuffle!
I activate the Action Spell
Illusion Dance!
During this interlude,
every monster on
the field dances
into defense mode.
No attack mode
means no attack.
Whip Snake
is just dancing now.
Whip Snake!
Ain't no party like
a Dueltainment Party!
Because a Dueltainment Party
does not stop!
It's so embarrassing how much
he gets carried away.
(Yoko)
But, Zuzu...
getting carried away is
what Skip does best.
You made it.
Of course I did.
I left the house as soon
as I got your message, Zuzu.
Have you
cooled down yet, Yuya?
No way.
I'm just getting
warmed up.
♪
You in the groove
yet, Yuya?
You're going to
have to wait and see.
I end my turn.
Which means it's time for the
Illusion Dance to wind down.
All the monsters
return to attack mode.
Are you trying to Action Duel
the way my father did?
'Cause
I got news for you.
He was a lot cooler
than that.
You bet he was!
There hasn't been a dueltainer
before or since
that could keep a crowd on
its feet like your old man.
Except, it wasn't like that
at first, you know.
Huh?
When Yusho started
filling his Action Duels
with acrobatics and
razzle dazzle,
nobody knew
what to make of it.
They booed and
walked out.
But he kept at it.
And he got
even better.
And soon the jeers
became cheers.
People started going crazy
for the high‐flying
action style
your dad created.
And just like that,
the door to the world of
Dueltainment was flung
wide open.
But new doors don't
just open by themselves.
Someone's gotta step up
and do something crazy and
new and push 'em open.
Just like you did.
You opened the door
to Pendulum Summoning!
But that doesn't mean that
it's automatically yours
and yours alone.
Of course other people
are gonna start doing it!
Just watch and see!
Nice!
I activate the spell card
Exchanging Notes!
When a Gutsmaster
is on my field,
I draw two
cards from my deck
and exchange 'em for two
cards in your hand.
No way.
Would you
look at that.
Gutsmaster Fire
and Gutsmaster Heat!
First things first, you can
take these two fellas.
And then from your hand,
I'll take, uh...
Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician!
(gasping)
I can't wait to see what
kind of magic
these two can conjure up!
Meanwhile, I'm activating
another spell card,
Go Go Guts!
This spell
gives me the power
to bring my Gutsmasters back
to where they belong!
These fellas can't be
normally summoned this turn.
However, that doesn't mean
they can't be
Pendulum Summoned!
I set the Pendulum Scale with
Scale 1 Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8
Timegazer Magician!
♪
I'm allowed to summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
The Pendulum
is swinging!
Igniting
the arc of victory!
Blazing the way
for new heroes!
Gutsmaster Fire!
And Gutsmaster Heat!
I mean...
how did you...
What's wrong?
Are you that upset that
I could Pendulum Summon?
When other duelists started
Action Dueling,
your dad didn't freak out
and pout about it.
He just kept
having a good time.
He wasn't mad?
Just the opposite.
He was flattered!
He was happy that others
wanted to learn his style.
And all his friendly rivalries
made Action Dueling
into the blockbuster form of
entertainment that it became.
I greatly admire
your father's exploits.
Yusho Sakaki made Action Dueling
as popular and exciting
as it is today.
He was
a true pioneer.
Declan said something
like that.
You can keep feeling
sorry for yourself,
or you can
set the example.
Pendulum Dueling
isn't yours.
But as the duelist who opened
the door to the whole thing,
you could be the example
for everyone to follow.
And now
I end my turn.
(all gasping)
He's not attacking?
Skip usually has more on
his mind than just winning.
It's his way.
Otherwise, he could've
become a big pro himself.
Really?
My dad was that good?
Sometimes
those who can, do.
But sometimes, those who can
would rather help others do.
And now that the turns over,
Exchanging Notes' effect ends,
so you get your Magicians
back, Yuya.
I just realized there's a way
to evolve the Pendulum method!
(Yuya)
If Declan thinks he can
take Pendulum Summoning
to the next level,
then I better step up
and match him draw
for draw!
My dad wouldn't
feel sorry for himself,
and I won't either.
It's showtime!
Ladies and gentlemen!
Prepare to experience
the thrills and chills of
Yuya Sakaki's dueltainment
spectacular!
It's time to
swing into action!
Woo‐hoo!
Yes!
I'm activating the hip‐shaking
Action Spell
Illusion Dance!
Now every
monster on the field
dances into defense mode!
Das is the same card that
the Principle used to
stop Yuya's
attack earlier.
So why's
he playing it now?
The Gutsmasters.
Their special abilities
are useless
when the team
is in attack mode.
♪
Now for the main event.
Ladies and gentlemen,
the moment you've
all been waiting for!
Thatta boy.
I'll use Stargazer Magician
and Timegazer Magician to
set the Pendulum Scale!
I'm taking control of
this duel starting now!
I'm allowed to
summon monsters
from Level 2 through Level 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of
victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon!
Soar to victory,
Performapal Spikeagle!
Stamp to it, Performapal
Stamp Turtle!
I'm firing up
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
and then activating
Spikeagle's
special ability!
When Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon
attacks your monster,
you still take damage
even if your monster
is in defense mode.
There's the razzle dazzle!
And now the spotlight
is on Stamp Turtle!
Once a turn, he can increase
the Level of every monster
on the field by 1.
I play the awesome
Action Spell Illusion Fire
on my Odd‐Eyes.
It's time for my Dragon
to turn up the heat!
The monsters I didn't
select are on the sidelines,
but Odd‐Eyes gets to attack
in their places.
So Odd‐Eyes can
attack three times?
(growling)
Here we go!
Odd‐Eyes put out
his Gutsmaster Fire!
Spiral Flame Strike!
Amazing!
It's like a phoenix!
And guess what?
Now Odd‐Eyes
Pendulum Dragon's
special ability activates!
Since your Gutsmater Fire
was at least Level 5
you get to enjoy
double the damage!
(beeping)
Go, Odd‐Eyes, finish off
Gutsmaster Heat!
(roaring)
Once again,
double the damage!
(beeping)
And now for
the grand finale,
Odd‐Eyes attacks
Gutsmaster Red!
Don't forget to
double the damage!
I have been defeated!
It's over for me!
♪
Principal Boyle!
You okay?
Principle Boyle,
say something!
There's nothing
left to say.
I've taught you
everything I can.
Go forward now and...
Principal Boyle!
Enough with
the corny melodrama!
My nose!
My poor little nose!
(laughing)
Seriously, though,
thanks.
You're right.
I can't run away
from my problems.
I gotta face 'em
head on.
'Cause the show must go on!
And just
like my dad,
I'll try to be an inspiration
for duelists everywhere.
♪